---

layout: col-sidebar
title: January 2020 Videoconference
date: 2020-01-21

---

## Meeting Details
- Time: 12PM US Eastern [convert](https://www.timeanddate.com/worldclock/meetingdetails.html?year=2020&month=1&day=21&hour=17&min=0&sec=0&p1=16&p2=919&p3=78&p4=136&p5=137&p6=176&p7=179)
- Location: Remote
- Call-in: [Zoom Meeting](https://zoom.us/j/675935446)

## Agenda

```
CALL TO ORDER
```
<!-- 
Board Members
- Gary Robinson, Grant Ongers, Martin Knobloch, Owen Pendlebury, Richard Greenberg, Sherif Mansour, Vandana Verma Sehgal

Guests
Mike McCamon, Tom Pappas, Dawn Aitken, Emily Berman, Harold Blankenship, Lisa Jones, Sibah Poede, Kelly Santalucia
-->

```
CHANGES TO THE AGENDA
```

```
APPROVAL OF MINUTES
```
[December 17, 2019 Meeting Minutes](/www-board/minutes/201912)

```
REPORTS
```
### Organizational KPIs

### Financial

### Executive Director Report

```
OLD BUSINESS
```
(1) Approval of the [2020 Operating Plan](/www-staff/operating-plan/2020)

(2) Approval the OWASP [2020 Budget](/www-staff/budget/2020)

(3) Update the Mission Statement:
- From: The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a 501(c)(3) worldwide not-for-profit charitable organization focused on improving the security of software. Our mission is to make software security visible, so that individuals and organizations are able to make informed decisions. OWASP is in a unique position to provide impartial, practical information about AppSec to individuals, corporations, universities, government agencies, and other organizations worldwide. Operating as a community of like-minded professionals, OWASP issues software tools and knowledge-based documentation on application security.
- To: OWASP is a nonprofit foundation improving the security of software. Through community-led open source software projects, local chapters worldwide, members, and leading educational and training conferences, the OWASP Foundation is the source for developers and technologists to secure our lives.

```
NEW BUSINESS
```
(1) Officer Elections

(2) Motion to approve the OWASP Foundation [Donation](/www-policy/operational/donations), [Expense Reimbursement](/www-policy/operational/expense-reimbursement), [Membership](/www-policy/operational/membership), and [Signatory Version 2](/www-policy/operational/signatory2) policies.

(3) Motion to authorize the Executive Director, exercising all necessary due diligence and care, as individually authorized to obligate the funds of the OWASP Foundation (OWASP), to execute agreements reflecting those obligations, and to further delegate this authority as deemed appropriate, for the purpose of organizing and hosting a Global AppSec in Berlin on or before June 10, 2021 with a total expense budget not to exceed 565,000 EUROS.

```
COMMENTS, ANNOUNCEMENTS, AND OTHER BUSINESS
```

```
ADJOURNMENT
```

***

### Executive Director Report
